Update aws.md with errors (#2226)
man-group/ArcticDB: docs/mkdocs/docs/aws.md

>>> arctic = adb.Arctic('s3://s3.REGION.amazonaws.com:BUCKET?aws_auth=sts&aws_profile=PROFILE')
```

## Common Errors When Working with STS

Due to limitations in the AWS C++ SDK, if ArcticDB fails to obtain the temporary token by assuming a role, an assertion error similar to the one below will occur:
```
virtual void Aws::Auth::STSProfileCredentialsProvider::Reload(): Assertion `!profileIt->second.GetCredentials().IsEmpty()' failed.
```
This is usually due to an incorrect IAM account setup or an incorrect configuration file.

```
arcticdb_ext.exceptions.PermissionException: E_PERMISSION Permission error: S3Error#15 AccessDenied: Access Denied for object '_arctic_cfg/cref/'
```
This error suggests problems with configuration file. Check Role Arn and base source profile in the file.

```
Actual: arcticdb_ext.exceptions.StorageException: E_S3_RETRYABLE Retry-able error: S3Error#99 : Encountered network error when sending http request for object '_arctic_cfg/cref/'
```

> A loss of network connectivity would triggers such error. Note, that this error will appear after several attempts to re-establish the connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A loss of network connectivity could trigger such an error. Note, that this error will appear after several attempts to re-establish the connection.
```

```
virtual void Aws::Auth::STSProfileCredentialsProvider::Reload(): Assertion `!profileIt->second.GetCredentials().IsEmpty()' failed.
```

> This is usually due to an incorrect IAM account setup or an incorrect configuration file.

Reviewer 2: I think in terms of the errors and causes, it requires a separate section, rather put everything in monolithic text. Can you please separate those.

> 'Access Denied' error most probably mean incorrect aws configuration file:

Reviewer 3: I think this line can be removed
